five years ago team tilt from Kansas put
together a big day and walked out of the
open championships with a team eagle
this year they used a huge double squad
to make their move the team of Jay
futrell and Russ Wilson looked to have
the lead with a 1396 but at the same
time their teammates did them one better
they bowled gray and I just wanted to
put up the best score I could and I
wasn't really too worried about beating
them because there might little bet my
best friends you know but I just went
out there and tried to throw the best
shots I could and I did know though I
knew that if we punched out we're gonna
end up taking him over I was excited to
be able to punch out get that one it
wasn't the only one keltner got he and
teammate Chris Green took the doubles
lead at 1403 but Joe also set the
regular all events mark leading with
2154 but these guys have been a team
since their days back at Wichita State
and so their team all events lead at
10,000 65 is the one they're most proud
of but really was our goal because we
came pretty close back in two thousand
eight when we won the team championship
and we wanted to we wanted to get all
events in that way we were all very
hungry for it so we just everybody
matched up really well and it just
happened so Celt their leaves leading
three events and team tilt has the lead
they had hoped for becoming just the
34th team ever to shoot over 10,000 now
it's a long waiting game until the
tournament wraps up in July when we're
in the lead for team I checked the
internet every day yeah I checked to see
our score every day to see if it held up
and back then it did we got a lot of
weeks a lot of few months left so so
cross your fingers see what happened
you